well this is a manual to show
how to send a signal message
text and a phone call through
of a gsm and comsat module with a
arduino card one we have mounted the
system
and we have our programming done in
the computer
the idea is that there is a switch that
activate twice sends a message
text to a phone and a call
cell phone to another phone
let's go to the land with us the bridge
and it has to be reflected in the computer
and we have a contact
and we have the other contact
you see the green light go down and you must
get the call to the phone
and then that's going to send a message of
text to the other cell phone
you
so I do not know very well what it says but
by carrying a text message from
mobile
and after that the green light goes out
the system is fully operational
to work and redo the same
cycle